So, at this point, we have our CreateContext component.
It's responsible for getting the form data specifically the name,
the handle, and the avatar from the user.
Then all it's going to do is it's going to call whatever this.props.onCreateContact is,
passing it that form data or those values.
So, what we need to do is we now need to make sure that we
pass create contact and onCreateContact prop.
Now inside of onCreateContact,
we need to make sure that we create our contact with
the API and we also want to update our local state.
So, what we'll do is head over to our app.js file.
I'm going to give us a little bit more room here.
Then now, what we're going to do is let's create a new method here
called CreateContact and if you remember on our API,
the last method that we have that we haven't used yet is going to be the create method.
What we need to pass it is the actual new contact.
So, we'll assume once create contact is invoked we're going to be past that.
So, we will pass the contact that is then going to
return us a promise and when that promise resolves,
we will be passed a new format of contact.
What we can do is when we get that contact back,
we want to call setStates and add it to our contacts array.
So, what we can do is if we are
updating the new state based on the previous state which is what we're doing here,
we will be passed the previous state.
I think earlier we called it the current state which works too.
We can say currentState.contacts.concat.
What do we want to concatenate on to our current state?
Well we want to concatenate on a brand new contact.
So, now this method is all done.
But what we need to do is we need to pass it as a prop to our CreateContact component.
But how would we do that if React router is in charge of
rendering the component because that's what we're passing as a prop to component?
Well, what we can do just as we did up here is instead of using component,
we can use render.
That will put us in charge of creating the actual element.
So, what we could do now is we want to render CreateContact just as we were doing before.
But now what we want to do is we want to say
the onCreateContact prop is going to be a function.
When this function is invoked what we want to do is
call this.CreateContact that we just barely created right here.
We also want to pass it the contact that we are
getting when onCreateContact prop is invoked.
So, now why did I create a brand new arrow function here instead of
just passing CreateContact directly to onCreateContact as we've seen before.
Well, the reason for that is because once we submit our form,
what we want to do is we want to navigate back to the home screen with React router.
One of the props that React router is going to give you is called history.
On that history prop is a method called.push.
What that looks like is this.
So, what's going to happen?
Let's walk through the whole flow here,
is when onCreateContact is invoked,
which it will be once we add a new contact.
Then we're going to call this.CreateContact passing it
the contact that will go and invoke this function up here running all of this logic.
Then what's going to happen is we're going to call
history.push which is going to redirect us or
route us to the home route which will then give us the less contacts UI.
So, let's go ahead and see if this is all working now.
So, we enter in a new name.
We enter in a handle we enter in a brand new avatar.
Then now when we add a new contact,
we get an error and it is the exact same error I got in a previous video.
It's the only error I've gotten this whole course.
So, up here instead of currentState.contact,
can't believe I did this again,
it's going to be.Contacts plural because again that's what we have up here.
So, now let's try this out.
Let's delete Tyler.
Now, let's go and add me back in.
So we will say Tyler McGinnis you can obviously say whatever you want.
We're going to add a new avatar and then once we click add
contacts notice we get the brand new contact in our list of contacts.
But we are also redirected back to the Home view.